Hillock
Mud Flats
Hailrake (The Tidal Island)
Get Quicksilver Flask
Player A: Waypoint Ledge / Lower Prison
Player B: Dweller of the Deep (Flooded Depths (Submerged Passage)
Waypoint Lower Prison
Player A: Find the Labyrinth Trial and complete it.
Player B: Brutus
Prisoners Gate -> Ship Graveyard
Player A: Allflame -> Fairgraves 
Player B: Merveil
-001-Player A: Left (Dont forget Dash)
Player A: Find Waypoint
Player A: Go to Wetlands (Up)
Player A: Waypoint / Oak
Player A: Western Forest (Left)
Player A: Weavers Chamber (Together) / Allira -> Waypoint -> Other
Player A: Blackguards
Player B: Right
Player B: Portal at Den / Crossroads
Player B: Down For Trial / Right for Kraitln / Up for Trial /Fidelitas
Vaal Ruins
Lower ->  Northern Forest Farm
Cavern -> Pyramid -> Vaal
City of Sarn.
Clarissa
Sarn Encampment
-001-Exit into the Slums.
Higher: Find Crematorium
Lower: Farm City of Sarn

Player A: Tulman 
Player B: Trial
Sewers
Marketplace
Player A: Catacombs TP at Trial Battlefront -> Docks
Player B: Battlefront TP at WP Run Solaris
Player B: Piety Together
Player B: Take Scepter Run Dominus
Player A: Gardens Trial TP
Player B: Dominus (Together)
Enter the Aqueduct and make your way through the area.
Enter Highgate.
-001-Enter The Dried Lake.
Locate Voll, defeat him, and take Deshret’s Banner. Return to town via logout or Portal.
Open the mines using Deshret’s Banner and enter The Mines (Level One).
Proceed through the area and enter The Mines (Level Two).
Locate Deshret’s Spirit and release it.
Enter the Crystal Veins.
Locate the Waypoint, at the end of the area, and return to Highgate.
Speak to Tasuni to receive the Book of Skill reward. Speak to Oyun to receive the Golem gem reward.
Return to the Crystal Veins via the Waypoint.
-002-The next steps may be completed in either order, based on preference. We prefer to do Kaom’s Dream first, however, as the boss is generally a little less dangerous at lower levels.
-002-Enter Kaom’s Dream and proceed through the area until you reach Kaom’s Stronghold. Acquire the Waypoint and continue onwards, until you reach the Caldera of the King. Defeat Kaom and pick up the Eye of Fury. Return to town via logout or Portal, then take the Waypoint to the Crystal Veins.
-002-Enter Daresso’s Dream and proceed through the area until you encounter Barkhul. Defeat him and his bodyguards, then enter The Grand Arena and acquire the Waypoint. Proceed through the arenas until you encounter “The Trio”, a group of three unique enemies. This means that Daresso is in the next area, and signals you are on the correct path. Defeat the Trio and enter The Ring of Blades. Defeat Daresso and take the Eye of Desire. Return to town via logout or Portal, then take the Waypoint to the Crystal Veins.
Talk to Dialla.
Enter the Belly of the Beast (Level One), and proceed through the area.
Enter the Belly of the Beast (Level Two), and proceed through the area.
Enter the Bowels of the Beast.
Defeat Piety.
Enter The Harvest, and acquire the Waypoint. Return to Highgate.
Speak to Dialla at the uppermost part of the city to receive the gem reward.
Return to The Harvest.
Slay Malachai’s 3 guardians; Doedre, Maligaro, and Shavronne. Pick up the various organs they drop.
Enter The Black Core, found next to the Waypoint.
Kill Malachai.
Return to Highgate via Portal or logout.
Exit into The Ascent, found in the upper right part of Highgate.
Interact with the resonator and take the Oriath Portal.
-001-Grab the Waypoint and make your way through the Slave Pens.
Kill Overseer Crow, and ascend the ladder that drops down to enter the Overseer’s Tower.
Talk to Lani to receive the ring reward.
Enter the Control Blocks.
Find the Miasmeter. Typically this item is found about halfway through the zone, on the left-most part of the area.
Kill Justicar Casticus at the end of the area and pick up the Eyes of Zeal.
Enter Oriath Square and grab the Waypoint.
Find and enter the Templar Courts.
Make your way through the zone and enter The Chamber of Innocence, grabbing the immediate Waypoint.
Find The Sanctum of Innocence and kill High Templar Avarius and Innocence.
Enter The Chamber of Innocence through the newly opened exit.
Enter the Torched Courts and make your way through the area.
-010-Enter the Ruined Square. The entrances to other areas in the Ruined Square are always in the same general area of the zone. We have provided an extremely simplified diagram below to help you quickly locate what you are looking for.
-010-Enter the Ossuary.
Find the Sign of Purity and return to the Ruined Square via the exit.
-010-Locate The Reliquary.
Find each of Kitava’s Torments and return to town via logout or Portal.
Speak to Lani for the Book of Skill and jewel rewards.
-010-Return to the Ruined Square via Waypoint.
-010-Enter the Cathedral Rooftop and make your way through the area.
Enter the Cathedral Apex and defeat Kitava.
Speak with Lily Roth and sail to Wraeclast.
-001-Enter the Twilight Strand, accessed from the bottom side of Lioneye’s Watch. Clear the area of all monsters and return to Lioneye’s Watch, then speak with Lilly Roth.
Enter The Coast and proceed through the zone. Grab the Waypoint at the end.
Enter the Mud Flats. Find and kill The Dishonored Queen and take the Eye of Conquest.
Find the exit to the Karui Fortress. Generally, this is in the upper middle part of the area.
Enter Tukohama’s Keep.
Defeat Tukohama. Talk to Sin and select Soul of Tukohama as your Pantheon Minor God.
Find and enter The Ridge.
Grab the Waypoint and return to Lioneye’s Watch. Talk to Tarkleigh to receive the Book of Skill.
Return to The Ridge via the Waypoint.
Find and enter the Lower Prison and grab the Waypoint, just inside the entrance.
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
Find and enter Shavronne’s Tower.
Ascend the tower until you reach the Prison Rooftop.
Kill Brutus and Shavronne.
Go through the Warden’s Chambers and enter the Prisoner’s Gate. Grab the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find the Valley of the Fire Drinker and defeat Abberath. Portal to Lioneye’s Watch and talk to Bestel for the Book of Skill reward. Take the Waypoint back to the Prisoner’s Gate. Head in the other direction of where you found the Valley of the Fire Drinker (e.g. if Abberath is bottom right, head to top right and vice versa).
Enter the Western Forest. Follow the main road to find the Waypoint.
Find and enter The Riverways. Follow the main road to find the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find and enter The Wetlands, usually located in the upper part of the area. Find the Spawning Ground and kill the Puppet Mistress. Portal or logout to return to Lioneye’s Watch and speak to Tarkleigh for the Book of Skill reward. Return to The Riverways via Waypoint.
Find and enter the Southern Forest. The entrance is usually located in middle/lower right of the area.
Grab the Waypoint before exiting into the Cavern of Anger.
Open the Flag Chest and take the Black Flag.
Enter the passage and make your way through the cavern until you reach The Beacon. Enter and immediately acquire the Waypoint.
Locate the pyramid-esque structure and ascend it. Escort the two pillars to their berths by standing within the glowing circle.
Click on the Ignition Switch and then again on the Beacon.
Talk to Weylam Roth and sail to the Brine King’s Reef. Grab the Waypoint.
Locate and enter the Brine King’s Throne. This is usually easiest done by following the left wall.
Kill the Brine King. Speak to Sin and grab your Pantheon.
Talk to Weylam Roth and sail to Act VII.
-001-Enter the Broken Bridge. Travel towards the bottom left part of the area.
Enter The Crossroads. Grab the Waypoint in the center of the zone.
Take the bottom fork from the Waypoint and enter the Fellshrine Ruins.
Enter The Crypt and acquire the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
Find the Sarcophagus and descend to The Crypt (Level Two).
Locate the Container of Sins and take Maligaro’s Map.
Return to the Bridge Encampment via Portal or logout.
Return to The Crossroads via Waypoint.
Take the upper path from the Waypoint and enter the Chamber of Sins (Level 1).
Grab the Waypoint at the central cross and insert Maligaro’s Map into the Map Device.
Enter Maligaro’s Sanctum and proceed until you find Maligaro’s Workshop.
Kill Maligaro and take the Black Venom. Leave the map via Portal Scroll Portal Scroll.
Speak with Silk and take the Obsidian Key.
Find and enter the _Chamber of Sins (Level Two).
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
Enter The Den.
Proceed and exit into the Ashen Fields.
Enter the Fortress Encampment.
Slay Greust.
Enter the Northern Forest.
Grab the Waypoint.
(Optional): Return to town and speak with Helena to receive Greust’s Necklace. This quest only rewards an amulet but usually does not take more than a minute or so in total time, so it is your choice on a league starter whether to complete it. If you encounter the Azmeri Shrine in the Northern Forest, place the necklace there and speak with Helena when you are next in town turning in other quests.
-002-Enter the Dread Thicket.
-002-Enter the Den of Despair and kill Gruthkul, then return to the Dread Thicket.
-002-Collect 7 Fireflies from around the Dread Thicket.
Return to the Bridge Encampment and speak with Eramir to receive the two Books of Skill as a reward.
Return to the Northern Forest via the Waypoint.
Find the exit to The Causeway.
Grab the Waypoint when you encounter it.
Acquire Kishara’s Star before leaving the area, usually find right next to the exit of the zone.
Enter the Vaal City.
Locate Yeena. The Vaal City is a massive, sprawling, and confusing zone for some players. There is always a part of the zone that is surrounded by dead ends, and is difficult to penetrate into (the “center” of the city, but not of the area itself). Yeena and the Waypoint are always found here.
Speak with Yeena and enter the Temple of Decay (Level One).
Enter the Temple of Decay (Level Two).
Enter Arakaali’s Web.
Kill Arakaali.
Enter the Sarn Ramparts.
Enter the Sarn Encampment.
-001-Enter the Toxic Conduits.
Locate and enter Doedre’s Cesspool.
Open the grate and enter The Cauldron.
Kill Doedre the Vile.
Exit into the Sewer Outlet and grab the Waypoint.
Take the right path and enter The Quay.
-015-Open the Sealed Casket and take the Ankh of Eternity. The Ankh is typically found near the entrance of the zone; look for a long bridge.
Locate and enter the Ressurection Site and kill Tolman.
Talk to Clarissa.
Return to The Quay.
Enter the Grain Gate and grab the Waypoint. Head “upwards” through the zone, roughly following the right-upper wall of the area.
Kill the Gemling Legionnaires.
Enter the Imperial Fields and follow the main road to find the Waypoint.
Return to the Sarn Encampment. Speak to Clarissa and Maramoa for the Book of Skill rewards. Speak to Hargan for the ring reward.
Return to the Imperial Fields.
Enter the Solaris Temple (Level One).
Acquire the Waypoint if you come across it.
Enter the Solaris Temple (Level Two).
Kill Dawn and take the Sun Orb. Return to town via logout or Portal.
Return to the Toxic Conduits via Waypoint.
Take the left path and enter the Grand Promenade.
Enter the Bath House.
Acquire the Waypoint.
-002-These next steps are both (Optional), and can be done in either order if you choose to do both, based on what you encounter first.
-002-Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it. Portal out and return to the Bath House via Waypoint.
-002-Enter the High Gardens and proceed until you encounter the Pools of Terror. Enter and slay Yugul. Portal out and speak to Hargan for the Book of Skill reward. Return to the Bath House via Waypoint.
Enter the Lunaris Concourse.
Acquire the Waypoint.
Enter the Lunaris Temple (Level 1). The path to the Lunaris Temple is the same as in Act III, always heading upwards until you encounter it.
Acquire the Waypoint, then enter the Lunaris Temple (Level 2).
Kill Dusk and take the Moon Orb, then return to town via logout or Portal.
Return to the Lunaris Concourse via Waypoint.
Enter the Harbour Bridge, which is always below the Waypoint.
Enter the Sky Shrine.
Kill Solaris and Lunaris.
Enter the Blood Aqueducts.
Enter Highgate.
-001-Enter The Descent and head to the right.
Descend via the Supply Hoists until you locate the exit to the Vastiri Desert.
Locate and acquire the Waypoint.
(Optional): Locate the Storm Weathered Chest. Defeat the waves of mummies that ambush you, then take the Storm Blade. Return to town via Portal Scroll Portal Scroll and speak with Petarus and Vanja. Talk to Sin, then speak again with Petarus and Vanja. Use your portal to return to the Vastiri Desert. Find the entrance to The Oasis, which will now be accessible using the Bottled Storm. Traverse the area and enter the Sand Pit. Kill Shakari and return to Highgate. Speak to Irasha for the Book of Skill reward. Return to the Vastiri Desert via Waypoint.
Enter The Foothills.
Find the Waypoint, usually located in the upper right part of the area.
Enter the Boiling Lake.
Kill the Basilisk and take the Basilisk Acid. You know you are in the area where the Basilisk is located once you begin to see groups of petrified enemies.
Return to Highgate and take the Waypoint back to The Foothills.
Enter The Tunnel, usually found in the upper or upper left part of the area.
Acquire the Waypoint.
(Optional): Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
Enter The Quarry. Run straight to the middle of the zone and acquire the Waypoint.
-002-These steps can be completed in either order based on what you encounter first. Follow the right wall if you do not wish to do the optional quest for the Passive Skill point.
-002-Enter The Refinery and explore the area until you find General Adus, then kill him. He is found in his own little arena, generally in the upper or upper left part of the area. Usually he is found faster if you take the left path from the start of the area. Interact with the Theurgic Precipitate Machine and take the Trarthan Powder. Portal or logout, then return to The Quarry via Waypoint.
-002-Enter the Shrine of the Winds and slay Garukhan. Return to town via Portal or logout, then speak with Irasha to receive the Book of Skill reward. Return to The Quarry via Waypoint.
Talk to Sin and enter the Belly of the Beast.
Enter the Rotting Core and make your way through the area.
Enter the Black Heart and talk to Sin.
Enter each of the portals in your order of choosing and defeat Malachai’s guardians (Shavronne, Maligaro, and Doedre).
Enter the Black Heart and kill the Depraved Trinity.
Talk to Lilly Roth and sail to Oriath.
-001-The relative position of the zone entrances in the Ravaged Square is the same as in Act V.
-010-Enter the Cathedral Rooftop.
Enter the Cathedral Apex, on the immediate left of entering the rooftop area.
Kill the Cultists and Gargoyles to free Bannon.
-010-Return to the Cathedral Rooftop and make your way to the right.
-010-Enter the Ravaged Square.
Head upwards until you encounter the Waypoint, and acquire it.
-002-These steps are both optional, and are both found in the Ossuary next to the Waypoint.
-002-Find the Labyrinth trial and complete it.
-002-Find the Elixir of Allure (rewards Respec points).
-010-Enter the Torched Courts and proceed through the area.
Enter the Desecrated Chambers, which has a similar layout to the Chambers of Innocence from Act V. Grab the immediate Waypoint.
Find and kill Avarius, Reassembled.
Return to the Oriath Docks using the Waypoint.
Talk to Bannon, then talk to Lani to receive the Flask and Armor rewards.
-010-(Optional): Return to the Ravaged Square and head downwards to the bottom middle of the area. Enter the Control Blocks and find Vilenta, located roughly where the Miasmeter was in Act V. Kill Vilenta and return to town via logout or Portal. Talk to Lani to receive the Book of Skill reward.
Talk to Innocence.
-010-Return to the Ravaged Square and head upwards until you find Innocence. Speak with him.
Enter the Canals and proceed through the area.
Enter The Feeding Trough and proceed through the area.
Speak with Sin and enter the Altar of Hunger.
Kill Kitava.
Speak with Lani in Oriath to receive the Book of Skill reward.
Finished =)